let's see i reviewed wrestling games
from WWE WWF WCW and TNA but now it's
time to review wrestling game from a
company that goes extreme MCG reviews 87
wants me to review ECW and hockey rules
on the playstation now this was the
sequel to ECW hardcore evolution and
many people didn't like ECW hardcore
evolution did ECW a naughty wolves fix
those mistakes well let's start this
game up and see where it goes now what
do you see an entrance you're going to
realize this game still follows the WWF
attitude engine the entrances will
unchanged from the previous game except
they were made better for created
wrestlers which I'll explain how later
something else that follows the same
engine as WWF attitude is bloodshed
alright identical as a dildo in WWF
attitude as you see it on wat van
damme's back when you take a look at the
move list it looks the same again but it
isn't the moves are a little bit easier
to perform an ECW Anarchy wolves the
moves also seemed easier to remember so
you won't be going to the move list so
much that does not mean you won't need
to access the move list at all for some
reason during a match the move list was
locked who made this decision just
because the controls are a little bit
easier than games that hadn't you do
moves by the same engine that does not
mean they can lock the move list
whenever they want who is the stupid
idiot that made that decision now this
game made huge improvements in the story
mode the singles Korea may look the same
who you are only forced to go
to the TV title then the ECW title if
you played ECW hardcore revolution you
know the singles career featured a third
championship which was the acclaimed
championship and you went for that title
before you want for the TV title but
when you were fighting for the acclaimed
championship you were facing guys that
were like part of the wound crew before
you faced restless that actually meant
anything however they aided the stable
career when you pick one of tech stables
and go after the stable championship I
know I didn't go through all the stables
but when I play this game I always pick
the ECW legends that consists of Bob van
Damme Tommy Dreamer the Sandman and the
American Dream Dusty Rhodes before every
match you pick which one or two
wrestlers you want to use in the next
match in the stables career you could
have singles tag or handicap match next
ECW did add more attitude to my match
types which is what hardcore revolution
failed to do here is a barbed wire
lumberjack match but footballs to the
outside has to be careful because the
Lumberjacks don't show favoritism to
anyone you may also see balti me one
thing I didn't expect to see was to be
put in a double submission hold the
match types are divided into two lists
first all the standard matches then
white under of the elimination matches
there will be vs elimination matches
which is just another way of saying
gauntlet one good thing about ECW
Anarchy rulz is all the different
matches you can have
they even have the eight-man elimination
tag which is not in most wrestling games
today the possibilities don't stop there
right before the match you can choose if
you want to have a weapons match or
alter the rules and some other way you
can also create a arena for your match
to take place in you can determine how
the arena will look and choose the color
of the lights and turn buckle colors and
reload colors another match type that
was added to ECW Anarchy wolves with the
brimstone match which is the inferno
match it definitely makes the arena look
different right and watch the end link
the problem with the matches like the
plume stone match the table match and a
dumpster match is that they all end the
same way by picking your opponent up and
then hauling them through something
remember they also have a back lot ball
match which is just a match that takes
place outside it and weapons a lion lab
in addition to creating arenas you can
create a stable although I'm not sure if
you can use that stable under stable
career mode you can create a
pay-per-view with up to eight matches
have your own show
wena you created if you choose and you
can save the pay-per-view on your memory
card the entrances are done better for
creative and restless here you have the
theme of every wrestler in the game the
reason that it's better here that it was
in hardcore evolution is because in
hardcore revolution you can only pick
about 10 different themes for your weslo
to have when you were picking his
entrance music now I heard the reason
for that was because of licensing issues
but whatever the reason at least here if
the theme is in the game you can pick it
for your created wrestler now for people
who don't want to spend a lot of time
creating Wes close you can lick the
wyndham option and the random created
rest flow will be generated you can also
pick a restless move list for your
wrestler and modify it as you see thing
I give ECW and Aki wolves on the
PlayStation a 7 out of 10 the gameplay
was fun and easy for the most part the
controls are responsive and the graphics
and sound walk to par why didn't like
was the move lyst being locked during
the eight-man tag the career mode could
end either after you want a championship
or lost the title when you were
defending it and matches like the table
match dumpster match and Inferno match
all ending the same way by throwing your
opponent into something but after all
that I still give ECW and Aki wolves on
a Playstation a 7 out of 10 and
definitely think you should at least
check this game out don't forget to
comment down below wait this video and
subscribe if you have it already